state:: [[Coded]]
post-id:: 2
exclude-from-graph-view:: true

- Title
	- 42-year old mom, PS4 enthusiast
- Post
	- Is it really shocking that a woman my age still likes to play games on PS4? I'm married with 2 kids and my husband thinks it's weird for me to still likes to play games. He even accused me of being a lesbian one time because I like games like GTA V, Red Dead Redemption, Horizon Zero Down and other games of this genre. I just like playing games, what's wrong with it?
	  tags:: [[Kinship/Spouse]] [[Personal Aspects/Age]] [[Personal Aspects/Gender]] [[Gaming Stigma]] [[Attrition]]
	  id:: 65119b8d-f883-4639-9429-e4a84ac9664e
	- Edit: Thank you guys for the comments and support. I really appreciate them.
	- I read in one of the comments that maybe there is something else going on why my husband accused me of such and this got me thinking. I asked him about it, I even showed him the comments. I asked him if he has an issue about the hours I play. He said that's not it. I work 9am to 5pm. He works 10pm to 6am. I only play when he is not home. He told me that his coworkers laughed at him when he told them that I play my kind of games and said I am more masculine than him. He apologizes and promises he will never say that to me again.
	  tags:: [[Kinship/Spouse]] [[Personal Aspects/Gender]] [[Gaming Stigma]] [[Attrition]]
	- Where I came from (3rd world country around Asia), 42-year-old female gamer is not normal . Most women around my age past time is watching telenovelas and K-dramas (korean series) and that's not my style. Even my own coworkers were shocked them I told them that I play PS4. They say I'm too old to do that.
	  tags:: tags:: [[Kinship/Spouse]] [[Personal Aspects/Age]] [[Gaming Stigma]]
	  id:: 65a4fddb-43e0-462a-99e0-58e2d32fa9bd
- Comment
	- Honestly it's more weird that your husband is judging you for it. The lesbian comment is pretty weird too. I don't quite understand how that is a leap he could make based on game choice