state:: [[Coded]]

- Title
	- From a frustrated Nintendo-Dad
- Post
	- I've been a Nintendo fan for a long damned time. I was a young kid when the NES hit the States.  I played them all.  I say this to show that I'm not new to the whole issue of Nintendo's delays, short-stocks, and interesting design decisions when it comes to marketing.  When it works, they are mad-geniuses.
	- My 8 year old daughter is not used to this yet.  I was out of town this weekend on business.  I called home on Saturday night to check on her and talk to my wife.  My daughter gets on the phone and I can't even make out what she's saying because she's so excited about Splatoon.  She somehow found out about the beta thing that happened and (all on her own) downloaded the beta and set her alarm to play all 3 limited time sessions. On the phone with me, she was fresh off of playing one of those sessions, telling me every detail, including that there were Amiibos coming out on the same day for it.  She then asked if she could get it for her birthday.
	  id:: 6450ed16-b39c-4130-b1f0-6fd33977c065
	  tags:: [[Kinship/Child]] [[Shared Experiences/Discussing Aspects of game]] [[Shared Experiences/Projecting game into Real life]], [[Affected by Family/Mediating others' playing]]
	- It doesn't feel like it's been 25+ years since I worked a whole summer to buy my first NES. I remember the excitement.  I remember the anticipation.  Being a gamer and a Dad, this is one of the things we do together and have a great time.  The apple didn't fall far from the tree. We play tons of Mario Kart and 3D World together.  Obviously, being able to help make an experience like that happen for my kid is a pretty awesome feeling for a parent.
	  tags:: [[Kinship/Child]] [[Shared Experiences/Co-playing]] [[Positive Valence]] [[Affected by Family/Facilitating others' play]]
	- So yesterday, I take her to Gamestop to pre-order the Amiibo 3-pack.  ~~The GS employee laughs at me for trying to do this now.~~  The GS employee chuckled when I asked if I could place a pre-order because they had serious issues on the day pre-orders went live and she dealt with a large group of unhappy customers.  She said that they had sold out minutes after going "live" with the SKU.  When she went to ring up the first customer, their computer froze for 20+ minutes.  When the transaction was finally complete, the system had zero inventory for everyone else in line.
	- So, I tried to order just a single female inkling one for her....same deal.  My daughter doesn't understand.  She says, "They said you could pre-order them on the Direct!"
	- I come to reddit this morning and confirm what I already strongly suspected, the 3-pack is basically sold out anywhere.  The best I can hope for today is pre-ordering the single packages (inkling boy and girl) from Wal-Mart or pay $60+ on Ebay for a sniper'd 3-pack from some scalper.
	- I understand Nintendo needs retail excitement right now and this probably helps them on that front.  But, for the 8 year old to basically be shut-off from this experience, I feel that Nintendo is really hurting their long-term influence on younger kids.
	- I know that I'm preaching to the choir here.  But, I am pissed and just needed to vent a bit.
	- edit: I added more info because the poor phrasing in my original post made it seem like the GameStop employee was behaving much worse than she was.  I believe her laugh was because the day the Amiibos went on sale was a mess for her and she was laughing more at that.  I have had issues at Gamestop in the past.  But, I'm not trying to throw shade on them over this.
- Comment
	- [deleted]