state:: [[Coded]]

- Title
	- How the nintendo Switch helped my family overcome the biggest challenge ever
- Post
	- So a few days ago my uncle (who is more like a brother to me) came to visit us from Germany. About 3 months ago he bought a new car for which he was saving for the last couple of years. Three days into the visit the weather was terrible and he crashed his car (first time ever in his 30 years driving career) and it was terrible. Luckily no injuries but the car is almost completely wrecked. I immediately brought my switch to my parrents house where my uncle was staying and he was finally at peace - it brought so much joy to everyone that he forgot anything has happened for a brief moment.
	  tags:: [[Kinship/Uncle]] [[Social Outcomes/Sharing in Hard Times]] [[Shared Experiences]] [[Positive Valence]]
	- Two days later my aunt (who stayed in Germany) has had a heart attack and a really, really tough surgery. The doctors were trying to save her life for 13 hours straight. Luckily, they succeded and she is currently being held alive with the help of machines. My uncle was a mess - I never saw him cry before, but this was so strong and so emotional for all of us that I thought this is going to drive him mad. I brought my switch again and was amazed that he was eager  to play it as soon as I visited my parrents again (I guess he was trying to forget everything fast). He was smiling and he was at peace again for that brief moment. I can't stress enough how switch has helped us survive this horrible period of our lives. He currently has a ton of expenses to cover but he also promised he's going to get himself a switch as soon as he recovers so we can play mario kart online.
	  tags:: [[Kinship/Uncle]] [[Social Outcomes/Sharing in Hard Times]] [[Shared Experiences]] [[Positive Valence]] [[Desire for Family Gaming]]
	- I was reluctant to get myself a switch but now I see it has been the best investment I ever made. Thank you nintendo for bringing joy to my family. And sorry dear redditors for bringing up such a sad story.
	- Edit: I didn't know there were 'a lot of these posts'. Switch is just a tool that kept my family together. It didn't cure or save anyone, it helped us keep coolheaded and preoccupied. She is critical still and we are trying to be strong so we need to stay massively preoccupied to stop thinking about it. That's all. Thanks everyone for your kind words.
	  tags:: [[Kinship/Uncle]] [[Social Outcomes/Sharing in Hard Times]] [[Positive Valence]]
- Comment
	- Wish your family all the best for the future. 🙏 Even though the Switch has bought this slight moment of joy, NOTHING is bigger than life or family. Seeing posts like this put posts about Switch’s being lost and lost save files as obsolete and puts things into perspective