state:: [[Coded]]
post-id::62
exclude-from-graph-view:: true

- Title
  - Rockstar Games literally saved my dad’s life
- Post
  - My two brothers were playing RDR2 a few Sundays ago (I live out of town for work), and usually go to the gym together early in the day. Their plan was to leave for the gym by 2:00, and right as they got up to shutoff the xbox and leave the house (1:55), a NPC side mission that initiates itself started up, so my brother playing said he obviously had to finish it. 12 minutes later (2:07), my mom screamed up the stairs yelling for help, and when they got downstairs to our parent's bathroom, my dad was laying in a literal pool of his own blood from a ruptured artery in his stomach. My brothers lifted our dad up, got him into a more stable position (he was throwing up blood and choking on it since it was entering his lungs) and they got him over to the front door to wait for the ambulance. He went critical but made it to the hospital and got blood pumped into him (12 units of blood over 16 hours.. so he lost an entire body's worth of blood). He had to be transfered to a larger hospital late sunday night in order to do an emergency operation, and the staff at our closer hospital did not have the ability to perform it. He got his artery "patched" early Monday morning, with a procedure that stopped all flow to that artery. During the procedure his blood pressure dropped so low that he flatlined and had to be resuscitated. He remained sedated and on a breathing tube for 2 days, and by the following saturday he was discharged from the hospital and walking again.
  - My mom knows that she would not have been able to lift my dad up by herself to get him over to the door and get him in a better position while waiting for the ambulance, and the doctor at the hospital said if it were'nt for my brothers moving him to the position they did and setting him up for immediate assistance when the EMT arrived, he would not have survived because of how critical his condition was and how crucial time was. He also would not have survived if the doctor at the first hospital had not insisted on getting him to the larger hospital that night, in case he went critical again (as he did), so we are so thankful to our first doctor for transferring him.
  - We are very fortunate with how everything turned out, and we know that the RDR2 mission that held my brothers up from leaving is what made the difference. Rockstar Games, with all the uproar recently about video games leading to violence and death, you did the exact opposite and literally saved my dad's life.
  - We are beyond thankful to you Rockstar Games.
- Comment
  - Wow this is amazing, I hope rockstar hears about this. Also I’m glad that he pulled through. Sounds like a tough dad you got. Here’s to many more years.
