state:: [[Coded]]

- Title
	- My little brother doesn't play games and yet is still a toxic gamer and it's sort of on his friend's behalf
- Post
	- So, came home for the holidays and brought my Xbox. I was playing Forza Horizon 5 on my parents living room TV when my 17yo brother walked in and asked what I was playing. I told him and he said he didn't know I played Forza so I told him about getting into Forza 4 and now 5.
	- Then this child goes, "well I bet >his friend's name< is better than you." Just out of nowhere. I just shrugged and said okay but then he asked me how much money I had in the game. I told him only a couple hundred thousand because I haven't been able to play much cause of school. (This isn't relevant but I'm also not playing for money rn cause I'm just trying to find all the roads lmao) Anyway, then he says, "well, in the first 5 hours >friend's name< had the game he already had 10 million dollars."
	  tags:: [[Kinship/Sibling]], [[Attrition]]
	- ??? I just laughed at him because a, who cares??? And also that's literally just not possible, especially in the first 5 hours of getting Forza 5 cause if you play this game you know the intro and closing to the races and stuff takes forever to get through. My brother got mad that I laughed and said that wasn't possible and told me to eff off and that his friend is better than me.
	  tags:: [[Kinship/Sibling]], [[Attrition]]
	- I just? What is the point of him saying all that?? I mean, my brother and I already have a rocky relationship so I'm not surprised he was trying to put me down but boy doesn't even have an Xbox and he's never played any Forza game. He just doesn't know what he's talking about but still leapt at the chance to put me down over a freaking video game. Ugh! It just made me so annoyed the longer I thought about it cause this is exactly the kind of bullshit that discourages women from playing games.
	  tags:: [[Kinship/Sibling]], [[Attrition]], [[Personal Aspects/Gender]]
- Comment
	- Oh man that kind of reminds me of this time my friend convinced me to go to her youth group one night. Youth groups weren’t really my thing and I avoided them when I was a teenager. Anyway she finally got me to go cause her group was doing a smash bros torment that night. When I got there there were about 13 guys and 3 girls. I forget the exact number but I know there were three girls including me. They all joked that we would be eliminated first and they wanted to see who was the best between them. What no one but my friend knew was I’ve been playing brawl since it came out with my older brother and his friends. I wiped the floor in the first bracket and won. Won against the other brackets champ. None of them believed I was that good. All these guys were pissed and bitching that I somehow cheated?? Long story short the youth pastor had to change his little sermon thing from like the something about teamwork to “How to Take a Loss like a Good Christian.” It’s definitely one of my more proud gaming moments.